Except, that is,
This is the brains of Ding Tai Chi Group.
Chen Zhixiong, yes.
Chen Mao sent it to thousands of families in the capital for a few days.
I heard that to get rid of old age, come to Tianhai,
I came here specially to pay my respects, okay.
Our eldest young master is in charge of the family,
Parents who have been working as parents for more than ten years.
And what you just mentioned, go straight to it,
OK, so that’s it,
is successful. Young Master,
Chen Mao, kissing and speaking quickly, how many days will it take?
Don't mind, Chen Zhixiong, it seems that the sky and the sea are negative,
There are thousands of days under your hands.
Tang Neng came to mention the emperor.
Holy team, we are so sorry for you, sir.
We go out into the world to practice
It’s crazy to practice like this
I have a silver card here
There are ten million more in it
Just take the chance to get the industry
Not peaceful
You can practice Tian'an Dada with this card
It’s not like I’m going to make any money. Ten million is enough.
It is produced by our Wanjia family
Practice without moving
Uh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh
Uh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh
Uh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh Uh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh
Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little